Fixing gcp docs to reflect the 2.0 way (#314)
aquasecurity/cloudsploit: docs/gcp.md

1. Leave the default JSON selected.
1. Click on "Create".
1. The key will be downloaded to your machine.

> 1. Move the JSON key file to a safe location; you will reference it in your `config.js` file later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the JSON key file, in a text editor and copy the Project Id, Client Email and Private Key values into the `index.js` file or move the JSON key file to a safe location; you can reference it in your `config.js` file later.
```
